


# Setting Backgrounds & Gradients

## Setting Backgrounds & Gradients

Backgrounds have a significant impact on the design of a website. They
help create a site's look and feel, establish groupings, and assign
priority, and they have a considerable influence on a website's
usability.

Within CSS, element backgrounds can be a solid color, an image, a
gradient, or a combination of these. As we decide how to implement these
backgrounds, we should keep in mind that every background contributes to
the overall appearance of our website.

In this lesson we're going to take a look at how to assign different
types of backgrounds, including gradients, to elements; we'll also play
around with a handful of CSS3 properties specific to backgrounds.

## Adding a Background Color

The quickest way to add a background to an element is to add a
single-color background using the `background` or `background-color`
property. The `background` property accepts colors and images in
shorthand form, while the `background-color` property is used strictly
for setting solid background colors. Either property will work, and
which one you decide to use depends on your preference as well as the
case for which you're using it.

```
div {
background-color: #b2b2b2;
}

```

When adding a background color, we have a few options for the values we
can use. As with other color values, we can pick from keywords,
hexadecimal codes, and RGB, RGBa, HSL, and HSLa values. Most commonly
we'll see hexadecimal values; however, we may occasionally want to use
RGBa or HSLa values for transparencies.

Transparent Backgrounds

When using an RGBa or HSLa value as a transparent background color, it's
a good idea to provide a fallback color, too, because not all browsers
recognize RGBa or HSLa values. And when a browser comes across a value
it doesn't recognize, it will ignore it.

Fortunately, there is an easy way to provide a fallback background. CSS
cascades from the top of a file to the bottom of a file; thus, we can
use two `background-color` properties within a single rule set. The
first `background-color` property will use a "safe" background color,
such as a hexadecimal value, and the second `background-color` property
will use an RGBa or HSLa value. Here, if a browser understands the RGBa
or HSLa value it will render it, and if it doesn't, it will fall back to
the hexadecimal value above it.

```
div {
  background-color: #b2b2b2;
  background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, .3);
}

```

## Adding a Background Image

Besides adding a background color to an element, we can also add a
background image. Background images work similarly to background colors;
however, they offer a few additional properties to finesse the images.
As before, we can use the `background` property with a shorthand value,
or we can use the `background-image` property outright. No matter which
property we use, there must be an image source identified using a
`url()` function.

The `url()` function value will be the background image's path, and the
familiar rules for creating hyperlink paths apply here. Keep an eye out
for different directories, and be sure to show exactly where the image
resides. The path will be placed inside parentheses and quoted.

```
div {
  background-image: url("alert.png");
}

```

Adding a background image solely using a `url` value can provide
undesirable results, as by default the background image will repeat
horizontally and vertically from the top left of the given element to
fill up the element's background. Thankfully we can use the
`background-repeat` and `background-position` properties to control how
or even whether the image repeats.

### Background Repeat

By default, a background image will repeat indefinitely, both vertically
and horizontally, unless otherwise specified. The `background-repeat`
property may be used to change the direction in which a background image
is repeated, if repeated at all.

```
div {
  background-image: url("alert.png");
  background-repeat: no-repeat;
}

```

The `background-repeat` property accepts four different values:
`repeat`, `repeat-x`, `repeat-y`, and `no-repeat`. The repeat value is
the default value and will repeat a background image both vertically and
horizontally.

The `repeat-x` value will repeat the background image horizontally,
while the `repeat-y` value will repeat the background image vertically.
Lastly, the `no-repeat` value will tell the browser to display the
background image once—that is, do not repeat it at all.

### Background Position

By default, background images are positioned at the left top corner of
an element. However, by using the `background-position` property, we can
control exactly where the background image is placed relative to that
corner.

```
div {
  background-image: url("alert.png");
  background-position: 20px 10px;
  background-repeat: no-repeat;
}

```

The `background-position` property requires two values: a horizontal
offset (the first value) and a vertical offset (the second value). If
only one value is specified, that value is used for the horizontal
offset and the vertical offset will default to `50%`.

Because we're moving the background image from the left top corner of
the element, length values specifically will be in relation to that
corner.

To set a `background-position` value, we can use the `top`, `right`,
`bottom`, `left`, and `center` keywords, pixels, percentages, or any
length measurement. Keywords and percentages work very similarly. The
keyword value `left top` is identical to the percentage value `0 0`,
which will keep an image positioned at the left top corner of the
element. The keyword value `right bottom` is identical to the percentage
value `100% 100%`, which will position an image in the right bottom
corner of the element.

![background-position.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Background images are positioned from the left top corner of an element

Using pixels for a `background-position` value is also common, as pixels
give us precise control over where our background will be positioned.

### Shorthand Background Image Values

The `background-color`, `background-image`, `background-position`, and
`background-repeat` properties may be rolled up into a shorthand value
for the background property alone. The order of these properties as a
shorthand `background` property value may vary, however it commonly
falls as `background-color`, `background-image`, `background-position`,
and then `background-repeat`.

```
div {
  background: #b2b2b2 url("alert.png") 20px 10px no-repeat;
}

```

### Background Image Example

In the following example, we'll use the `background` property with a
shorthand value that includes `background-color`, `background-image`,
`background-position`, and `background-repeat` values.

Please take note that there is both a relative value and an absolute
value within the `background-position` value. The first value, `20`
pixels, is the horizontal value, positioning the `background-image` `20`
pixels from the left of the element. The second value, `50%`, is the
vertical value, which vertically centers the `background-image`.

A few other properties and values are also included within the
`notice-success` class rule set to further style the alert message.

Background Image Demo

```
<div class="notice-success">
  Woo hoo! Congratulations, you did it!
</div>

```

```
.notice-success {
  background: #67b11c url("../../img/tick_2.png") 20px 50% no-repeat;
  background: #67b11c url("../../img/tick_1.svg") 20px 50% no-repeat;
  border: 2px solid #467813;
  border-radius: 5px;
  color: #fff;
  font-family: "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;
  padding: 15px 20px 15px 50px;
}

```

### In Practice

Returning to our Styles Conference website, let's add some background
colors. While we do that, we'll change a few other styles to keep all of
our styles working together and to keep all of our content legible.

1. We'll begin by taking a big step and applying a blue background to
   the `<body>` element alongside the existing `color` and `font`
   properties. All of the styles for the `<body>` element rule set now
   include the following:

   ```
   body {
     background: #293f50;
     color: #888;
     font: 300 16px/22px "Lato", "Open Sans", "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;
   }

   ```

   We've placed a blue `background` on the `<body>` element purposely,
   as our website will have a few different rows of `background` colors,
   and the most frequent `background` color will be blue.
2. Now that every page on our Styles Conference website includes a blue
   `background`, let's clean up a few areas that will keep that blue
   background. Specifically, our `<header>` and `<footer>` elements will
   remain blue, as will the hero section on the home page.

   Within our `<header>` and `<footer>` elements let's make all of our
   link colors start as white and then, when hovered over, turn the same
   green as our headings.

   We'll begin with our `<header>` element. In order to select all `<a>`
   elements within the `<header>` element, we'll add a class of
   `primary-header` to the `<header>` element (in addition to the
   existing `container` and `group` classes). Don't forget, we'll need
   to add this class to the `<header>` elements across all of our pages.

   ```
   <header class="primary-header container group">
     ...
   </header>

   ```

   With the `primary-header` class in place on the `<header>` element,
   and the existing `primary-footer` class in place on the `<footer>`
   element, we can add two new rule sets to the bottom of the links
   section within our `main.css` file.

   The first rule set will select all `<a>` elements within an element
   with the class attribute value of `primary-header` or
   `primary-footer` and set their `color` to white, as defined by comma
   separating two individual selectors that share the same property and
   value. The second rule set will select the same `<a>` elements as
   before but will change their `color` to green when a user hovers over
   them.

   ```
   .primary-header a,
   .primary-footer a {
     color: #fff;
   }
   .primary-header a:hover,
   .primary-footer a:hover {
     color: #648880;
   }

   ```
3. While we're making some of our text white, let's make the text within
   the hero section of our home page white also, as it will remain on a
   blue `background`. We have the existing `hero` class rule set
   available to add styles to, so let's add our white text `color`
   there. In all, our `hero` class rule set should include the
   following:

   ```
   .hero {
     color: #fff;
     line-height: 44px;
     padding: 22px 80px 66px 80px;
     text-align: center;
   }

   ```
4. Also within the hero section of our home page, let's clean up some of
   the button styles. We'll begin by adding some new properties to our
   `btn` class rule set, within the buttons section of our `main.css`
   file.

   Specifically, let's set the button text `color` to white, make sure
   our `cursor` is always a `pointer`, increase the `font-weight`, add a
   small amount of `letter-spacing`, and change our `text-transform` to
   `uppercase`.

   In all, our new `btn` class rule set should look like this:

   ```
   .btn {
     border-radius: 5px;
     color: #fff;
     cursor: pointer;
     display: inline-block;
     font-weight: 400;
     letter-spacing: .5px;
     margin: 0;
     text-transform: uppercase;
   }

   ```

   We'll also clean up some of the alternate button styles by way of the
   `btn-alt` class rule set. Specifically, let's make the buttons'
   borders white and add hover styles including a white `background` and
   blue text `color`.

   With all of the additions, our new `btn-alt` class rule set should
   look like this:

   ```
   .btn-alt {
     border: 1px solid #fff;
     padding: 10px 30px;
   }
   .btn-alt:hover {
     background: #fff;
     color: #648880;
   }

   ```
5. Now that we have all of the areas with blue backgrounds cleaned up,
   let's add styles for the rows that have white backgrounds. Let's
   create a new section within our `main.css` file for rows, just below
   the clearfix section. Within this new rows section, let's create a
   new class selector named `row`.

   Within our new `row` class rule set, let's add a white `background`,
   a minimum `width` of `960` pixels (to make sure our `row` elements
   are always larger than the `width` of our `container` or `grid`
   elements), and some vertical `padding`. Altogether our new row
   section within our `main.css` file should look like this:

   ```
   /*
     ========================================
     Rows
     ========================================
   */

   .row {
     background: #fff;
     min-width: 960px;
     padding: 66px 0 44px 0;
   }

   ```
6. With our `row` class styles in place, let's add a row with a white
   `background` to our home page. We'll do this on our teasers section.
   Currently this area has a `<section>` element with the class of grid
   wrapping three additional `<section>` elements with the classes of
   teaser and `col-1-3`.

   To add a white `background` to this section, we're going to wrap all
   of these elements in an element with the class of `row`.

   Because we'll want the entire teasers section wrapped in a
   `<section>` element, we're going to add a new `<section>` element
   with the class of `row` that surrounds the existing `<section>`
   element with the class of `grid`.

   Having two `<section>` elements wrapping the exact same content
   diminishes semantic value. To correct this we'll change the second
   `<section>` element, the one with the class of `grid`, to a `<div>`
   element. After all, at this point this element is only adding styles,
   not semantic meaning, and is appropriate as a `<div>` element.

   The structure of our new teasers element should look like this:

   ```
   <section class="row">
     <div class="grid">

       <!-- Speakers -->

       <section class="teaser col-1-3">
         ...
       </section><!--

       Schedule

       --><section class="teaser col-1-3">
         ...
       </section><!--

       Venue

       --><section class="teaser col-1-3">
         ...
       </section>

     </div>
   </section>

   ```

It is amazing how a few background colors can affect the design of a
website. Our Styles Conference website is coming along quite nicely, and
our home page is proof.

![practice-1.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Figure 2: Our Styles Conference website home page after adding some background colors

Our Styles Conference website home page after adding some background
colors

## Designing Gradient Backgrounds

Gradient backgrounds were introduced with CSS3, and designers and
front-end developers everywhere rejoiced. Although gradient backgrounds
do not work in legacy browsers, they are supported by all modern
browsers.

Within CSS, gradient backgrounds are treated as background images. We
can create a gradient using the `background` or `background-image`
properties, just like a regular background image. The property value for
a gradient background varies depending on what type of gradient we'd
like, linear or radial.

Gradient Background Vendor Prefixes

Previously, we discussed adding vendor prefixes to new CSS
properties or values so that browsers can support recently developed CSS
features. Gradient background values were one of the values that
required the use of vendor prefixes. Fortunately, most browsers have
since eliminated the need for a vendor prefix in order to render a
gradient background; however, it is still worth outlining vendor
prefixes to ensure the best support.

At first, as we begin discussing linear gradient backgrounds, we'll
include each of the different vendor prefixes. After that, in the
interest of brevity, we'll omit the different prefixes as we continue to
discuss gradient backgrounds, including radial gradient backgrounds.

### Linear Gradient Background

For years designers and developers have been cutting up gradient image
files, created using image-processing software, and using them as linear
gradient backgrounds on elements. The process worked, but it took a
while to implement and was very inflexible. Fortunately those days are
gone, and [linear
gradient backgrounds](http://dev.opera.com/articles/css3-linear-gradients/) can now be specified within CSS. If a color needs
changing, there is no need to reproduce and recut an image and upload it
to the server. Now all we need to do is change a quick value within CSS.
Beautiful.

```
div {
  background: #466368;
  background: -webkit-linear-gradient(#648880, #293f50);
  background:    -moz-linear-gradient(#648880, #293f50);
  background:         linear-gradient(#648880, #293f50);
}

```

Linear Gradient Background Demo

```
<div></div>

```

```
div {
  background: #466368;
  background: linear-gradient(#648880, #293f50);
  border-radius: 6px;
  height: 120px;
}

```

 

Linear gradients are identified by using the `linear-gradient()`
function within the `background` or `background-image` property. The
`linear-gradient()` function must include two color values, the first of
which will be the beginning color value and the second of which will be
the ending color value. The browser will then handle the transition
between the two colors.

Before any gradient backgrounds are identified, we'll also put in a
default `background` property with a solid color. The solid color is to
be used as a fallback should a browser not support gradient backgrounds.

### Changing the Direction of a Gradient Background

By default, linear gradient backgrounds move from the top to the bottom
of an element, transitioning smoothly between the first color value and
the second. This direction, however, may be changed with the use of
keywords or a degree value stated before any color values.

For example, should we want a gradient to move from the left of an
element to the right, we can use the keyword value `to right` to
identify the direction in which the linear gradient should progress.
Keyword values may also be combined. If we want the gradient to move
from the left top to the right bottom of an element, we can use the
keyword value of `to right bottom`.

```
div {
  background: #466368;
  background: linear-gradient(to right bottom, #648880, #293f50);
}

```

Linear Gradient Background Direction Demo

```
<div></div>

```

```
div {
  background: #466368;
  background: linear-gradient(to right bottom, #648880, #293f50);
  border-radius: 6px;
  height: 120px;
}

```

 

When we use a diagonal gradient on an element that isn't exactly square,
the background gradient will not proceed directly from one corner to the
other. Instead, the gradient will identify the absolute center of the
element, place anchors in the perpendicular corners from where it should
progress, and then move to the general direction of the corner stated
within the value. These corners the gradient moves towards are called
"magic corners," as they are not absolute. Eric Meyer has done a
wonderful job of outlining this syntax in his article
“[Linear
Gradient Keywords](http://meyerweb.com/eric/thoughts/2012/04/26/lineargradient-keywords/)”.

Besides keywords, degree values are also acceptable. If we want our
gradient to move to the left top of an element, we can use the degree
value of `315deg`, or if we want our gradient to move to the right
bottom of an element, we can use the degree value of `135deg`. This same
concept can be applied for any degree value, `0` through `360`.

### Radial Gradient Background

While the linear gradient is perfect for a gradient moving from one
direction to another, often the need for a radial gradient arises.
Radial background gradients work just like linear gradients and share
many of the same values. For radial gradients, instead of using the
`linear-gradient()` function within the `background` or
`background-image` property, we'll use the `radial-gradient()` function.

```
div {
  background: #466368;
  background: radial-gradient(#648880, #293f50);
}

```

Radial Gradient Background Demo

```
<div></div>

```

```
div {
  background: #466368;
  background: radial-gradient(#648880, #293f50);
  border-radius: 6px;
  height: 120px;
}

```

 

Radial gradients work from the inside to the outside of an element.
Thus, the first color identified within the `radial-gradient()` function
will sit in the absolute center of the element, and the second color
will sit on the outside of an element. The browser will then create the
transition between the two colors.

One of the primary differences between radial gradients and linear
gradients is that radial gradients can be quite complex, with values for
location, size, radius, and so forth. We'll cover the basics, but please
feel free to delve further into
[radial
gradients](http://dev.opera.com/articles/css3-radial-gradients/), as they provide much more power than is outlined here.

CSS3 Gradient Background Generator

Working with CSS3 gradients by hand can be quite difficult at times,
especially if you are new to them. Fortunately, a few
[CSS3 gradient generators](http://www.cssmatic.com/gradient-generator)
have popped up. Each generator works a little differently, and some
provide more options than others. If you're interested, I recommend
doing some research to find the right generator for your needs.

### Gradient Color Stops

At a minimum, gradient backgrounds will transition from one color to
another; however, we may add multiple colors to a gradient and have the
browser transition between all of them. To do this we'll add color stops
to the given gradient function, with commas separating each color stop
from the next.

```
div {
  background: #648880;
  background: linear-gradient(to right, #f6f1d3, #648880, #293f50);
}

```

Gradient Color Stops Demo

```
<div></div>

```

```
div {
  background: #466368;
  background: linear-gradient(to right, #f6f1d3, #648880, #293f50);
  border-radius: 6px;
  height: 120px;
}

```

 

By default, the browser will position every color stop an equal distance
from the next and will transition between them accordingly. If more
control over how colors are positioned is desired, a location along the
gradient may be identified for each color stop. The location should be
declared as a length value and should fall after the color value.

```
div {
  background: #648880;
  background: linear-gradient(to right, #f6f1d3, #648880 85%, #293f50);
}

```

```
div {
  background: #466368;
  background: linear-gradient(to right, #f6f1d3, #648880 85%, #293f50);
  border-radius: 6px;
  height: 120px;
}

```

 

Unless specified otherwise, the first color stop will be positioned at
`0%`, and the last color stop will be positioned at `100%`.

#### Gradient Background Example

Using the same success alert message from before, we'll swap out the old
background image for a linear gradient background image.

For this we'll include two `background` properties. The first
`background` property specifies a solid color hexadecimal value, which
serves as a fallback should a browser not support linear gradient
backgrounds. The second `background` property includes the
`linear-gradient()` function, which identifies a green gradient
background that transitions from the top of the element to the bottom of
the element.

Gradient Background Demo

```
<div class="notice-success">
  Woo hoo! Congratulations, you did it!
</div>

```

```
.notice-success {
  background: #67b11c;
  background: linear-gradient(#72c41f, #5c9e19);
  border: 2px solid #467813;
  border-radius: 5px;
  color: #fff;
  font-family: "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;
  padding: 15px 20px;
}

```

### In Practice

With gradient backgrounds now in the mix, let's create a new row for our
Styles Conference website, this time using a gradient.

1. We'll create a new row with a gradient background by using the class
   of `row-alt`. Because the new row will share the same `min-width`
   property and value as the `row` class selector, we'll combine these
   two selectors.

   ```
   .row,
   .row-alt {
     min-width: 960px;
   }

   ```

   Next we'll want to create new rule sets to apply styles specifically
   to the `row-alt` class selector. These new styles will include a
   gradient background that starts with green and transitions to yellow,
   from left to right.

   Using the `linear-gradient()` function with the appropriate values
   and vendor prefixes, we'll add the gradient `background` to the
   `row-alt` class rule set. We'll also include a single `background`
   color before the gradient `background` as a fallback, just in case a
   browser doesn't support gradient backgrounds.

   Lastly, we'll also add in some vertical `padding`. Our updated row
   section now looks like this:

   ```
   .row,
   .row-alt{
     min-width: 960px;
   }
   .row {
     background: #fff;
     padding: 66px 0 44px 0;
   }
   .row-alt {
      background: #cbe2c1;
      background: -webkit-linear-gradient(to right, #a1d3b0, #f6f1d3);
      background: -moz-linear-gradient(to right, #a1d3b0, #f6f1d3);
      background: linear-gradient(to right, #a1d3b0, #f6f1d3);
      padding: 44px 0 22px 0;
    }

   ```
2. With our `row-alt` styles in place, let's put them to use on all of
   our interior pages. Currently, all of our interior pages have a
   `<section>` element with a class of `container`. Then, inside each
   `<section>` element is an `<h1>` element containing the heading of
   the page.

   We're going to alter these `<section>` elements much like we did the
   teaser `<section>` element on our home page. We'll wrap each
   `<section>` element with a class of `container` in a `<section>`
   element with the class of `row-alt`. We'll then change each
   `<section>` element with a class of `container` to a `<div>` element
   for better semantic alignment.

   Each of our interior pages should now include the following:

   ```
   <section class="row-alt">
     <div class="container">

       <h1>...</h1>

     </div>
   </section>

   ```
3. Because we are updating our interior pages, let's make their
   introductions, or leads, a little more appealing. We'll begin by
   adding a paragraph introducing each page just below the `<h1>`
   element in each `<section>` element with a class of `row-alt`. Our
   `speakers.html` page, for example, may now include the following lead
   section:

   ```
   <section class="row-alt">
     <div class="container">

       <h1>Speakers</h1>

       <p>We&#8217;re happy to welcome over twenty speakers to present on the industry&#8217;s latest technologies. Prepare for an inspiration extravaganza.</p>

     </div>
   </section>

   ```
4. In addition to inserting the paragraph, let's also change some of the
   styles within the lead section. To do this, we'll add a class of
   `lead` to the `<div>` element that already has a class of
   `container`; this can be found nested directly inside the `<section>`
   element with a class of `row-alt`. Our lead section for each interior
   page will now look like this:

   ```
   <section class="row-alt">
     <div class="lead container">

       ...

     </div>
   </section>

   ```
5. Once the `lead` class is in place, we'll center all of the text
   within these `<div>` elements. We'll also increase the `font-size`
   and `line-height` of any paragraphs within these `<div>` elements.

   We'll create a new section for leads within our `main.css` file, just
   below the typography section, and add the following styles:

   ```
   /*
     ========================================
     Leads
     ========================================
   */

   .lead {
     text-align: center;
   }
   .lead p {
     font-size: 21px;
     line-height: 33px;
   }

   ```

The interior pages of our Styles Conference website have now received
some long-overdue love in the form of gradient background rows and
leads. Make sure to review the code for all of the interior pages to see
their newly enhanced content, headings, and paragraphs.

![practice-2.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

The Speakers page of our Styles Conference website, complete with a
gradient background row

## Using Multiple Background Images

For the longest time, elements were allowed to have only one background
image at a time, which created quite a few constraints when designing a
page. Fortunately, with CSS3, we can now use more than one background
image on an element by comma-separating multiple background values
within a `background` or `background-image` property.

The background image value that comes first will be the foremost
background image, and the background image that's listed last will be
the rearmost background image. Any value between the first and the last
will reside within the middle ground accordingly. Here's an example of
the CSS for a `<div>` element that uses three background images:

```
div {
  background:  url("foreground.png") 0 0 no-repeat, url("middle-ground.png") 0 0 no-repeat, url("background.png") 0 0 no-repeat;
}

```

The preceding code uses a shorthand value for the background property,
chaining multiple background image values together. These shorthand
values may also be broken up into comma-separated values across the
`background-image`, `background-position`, and `background-repeat`
properties.

### Multiple Background Images Example

Let's go back to the success alert message once more to combine both the
tick background image and the linear gradient background image.

In order to do so, we'll include two values within the second background
property. The first value, the foremost image, will be the tick image.
The second value, the rearmost image, will be the linear gradient. The
two values are comma separated. |

Multiple Background Images Demo

```
<div class="notice-success">
  Woo hoo! Congratulations, you did it!
</div>

```

```
.notice-success {
  background: #67b11c;
  background: url("../../img/tick_2.png") 20px 50% no-repeat, linear-gradient(#72c41f, #5c9e19);
  background: url("../../img/tick_1.svg") 20px 50% no-repeat, linear-gradient(#72c41f, #5c9e19);
  border: 2px solid #467813;
  border-radius: 5px;
  color: #fff;
  font-family: "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;
  padding: 15px 20px 15px 50px;
}

```

## Exploring New Background Properties

Along with gradient backgrounds and multiple background images, CSS3
also introduced three [new CSS
properties](http://css3files.com/background/): `background-size`, `background-clip`, and
`background-origin`.

The `background-size` property allows us to change the size of a
background image, while the `background-clip` and `background-origin`
properties allow us to control where a background image is cropped and
where a background image is contained within the element (inside the
border or inside the padding, for example).

### CSS3 Background Size

The `background-size` property allows us to specify a size for a
background image. The property accepts a few different values, including
length and keyword values.

When using length values, we can specify a width and a height value by
using two space-separated values. The first value will set the width of
the background image, while the second value will set the height of the
background image. It's important to note that percentage values are in
relation to the element's size, not the background image's original
size.

Consequently, setting a `background-size` property with a `100%` width
will make the background image occupy the full width of the element. If
a second value isn't identified after the width, the height value will
be automatically set to preserve the aspect ratio of the background
image.

The keyword value `auto` may be used as either the width or height value
to preserve the aspect ratio of the background image. For example, if we
want to set the height of the background image to be `75%` of the height
of the element while maintaining the image's aspect ratio, we can use a
`background-size` property value of auto `75%`.

CSS3 Background Size Demo

```
<div></div>

```

```
div {
  background: url("https://placeholdit.imgix.net/~text?txtsize=100&bg=000099&txtclr=ffffff&txt=Hello&w=600&h=600") 0 0 no-repeat;
  background-size: auto 75%;
  border: 2px dashed #9799a7;
  height: 240px;
  width: 200px;
}

```

### Cover & Contain Keyword Values

In addition to length `background-size` property values, there are also
`cover` and `contain` keyword values available to the `background-size`
property.

The `cover` keyword value specifies that the background image will be
resized to completely cover an element's width and height. The
background image's original aspect ratio will be preserved, yet the
image will stretch or shrink as necessary to cover the entire element.
Often when using the `cover` keyword value, part of the background image
is cut off in order for the image to occupy the full available space of
the element.

The `contain` keyword value, on the other hand, specifies that the
background image will be resized to reside entirely contained within an
element's width and height. In doing so the background image's original
aspect ratio will be preserved, but the image will stretch or shrink as
necessary to remain within the width and height of the element. In
contrast with the `cover` keyword value, the `contain` keyword value
will always show the full background image; however, oftentimes it will
not occupy the full available space of the element.

Both the `cover` and `contain` keyword values may result in slightly
distorted background images, particularly when the images are stretched
beyond their original dimensions. We'll want to keep an eye out for this
when using these values, to make sure the resulting styles are
satisfactory.

### CSS3 Background Clip & Background Origin

The `background-clip` property specifies the surface area a background
image will cover, and the `background-origin` property specifies where
the `background-position` should originate. The introduction of these
two new properties corresponds with the introduction of three new
keyword values: `border-box`, `padding-box`, and `content-box`. Each of
these three values may be used for the `background-clip` and
`background-origin` properties.

```
div {
  background: url("shay.jpg") 0 0 no-repeat;
  background-clip: padding-box;
  background-origin: border-box;
}

```

The `background-clip` property value is set to `border-box` by default,
allowing a background image to extend into the same area as any border.
Meanwhile, the `background-origin` property value is set to
`padding-box` by default, allowing the beginning of a background image
to extend into the padding of an element.

![border-box.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Figure 4: The `border-box` value extends the background into the border of an element



![padding-box.png](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAzQAAAJECAIAAABPRfZVAAAAGXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBBZG9iZSBJbWFnZVJlYWR5ccllPAAAA2hpVFh0WE1MOmNvbS5hZG9iZS54bXAAAAAAADw/eHBhY2tldCBiZWdpbj0i77u/IiBpZD0iVzVNME1wQ2VoaUh6cmVTek5UY3prYzlkIj8+IDx4OnhtcG1ldGEgeG1sbnM6eD0iYWRvYmU6bnM6bWV0YS8iIHg6eG1wdGs9IkFkb2JlIFhNUCBDb3JlIDUuMy1jMDExIDY2LjE0NTY2MSwgMjAxMi8wMi8wNi0xNDo1NjoyNyAgICAgICAgIj4gPHJkZjpSREYgeG1sbnM6cmRmPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8xOTk5LzAyLzIyLXJkZi1zeW50YXgtbnMjIj4gPHJkZjpEZXNjcmlwdGlvbiByZGY6YWJvdXQ9IiIgeG1sbnM6eG1wTU09Imh0dHA6Ly9ucy5hZG9iZS5jb20veGFwLzEuMC9tbS8iIHhtbG5zOnN0UmVmPSJodHRwOi8vbnMuYWRvYmUuY29tL3hhcC8xLjAvc1R5cGUvUmVzb3VyY2VSZWYjIiB4bWxuczp4bXA9Imh0dHA6Ly9ucy5hZG9iZS5jb20veGFwLzEuMC8iIHhtcE1NOk9yaWdpbmFsRG9jdW1lbnRJRD0ieG1wLmRpZDpBMUREOTIzRDBDMjA2ODExODIyQTk4M0Y0Q0U1RDREMiIgeG1wTU06RG9jdW1lbnRJRD0ieG1wLmRpZDo2RDY3OENFNkQ1ODcxMUUzQjNGREVFQUJFRUYwQUI3MCIgeG1wTU06SW5zdGFuY2VJRD0ieG1wLmlpZDo2RDY3OENFNUQ1ODcxMUUzQjNGREVFQUJFRUYwQUI3MCIgeG1wOkNyZWF0b3JUb29sPSJBZG9iZSBQaG90b3Nob3AgQ1M2IChNYWNpbnRvc2gpIj4gPHhtcE1NOkRlcml2ZWRGcm9tIHN0UmVmOmluc3RhbmNlSUQ9InhtcC5paWQ6MDQ4MDExNzQwNzIwNjgxMTgyMkE5NkJCODc3N0JBMTMiIHN0UmVmOmRvY3VtZW50SUQ9InhtcC5kaWQ6QTFERDkyM0QwQzIwNjgxMTgyMkE5ODNGNENFNUQ0RDIiLz4gPC9yZGY6RGVzY3JpcHRpb24+IDwvcmRmOlJERj4gPC94OnhtcG1ldGE+IDw/eHBhY2tldCBlbmQ9InIiPz5eGOmJAAAZi0lEQVR42uzdX2wc9YHAceeUp5CWIpkWccVeooKSIqhKiRyqpFHakwK2qVrJKJA0pbqSKg6h9xAHTFBjJ1U5A+7DFf+BBCpSZChKJFAbGyIdRb7kIVESqtKmjgpK146Uy7WRWoqzr3u/Ztph2LV3N+v1n40/nwe03uzMzs6Oma9ndn+zoKf3uZrZ8NCW75U9bW/fHstsmS2zZbbMltkyW+Yrcpn/pQYAgDlDnAEAiDMAAMQZAIA4AwBAnAEAiDMAAMQZAIA4AwBAnAEAiDMAAMQZAIA4AwBAnAEAIM4AAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AAKrRgp7e58qeuKlxrTUIAJBjcOhQ2dM6cgYAMIeIMwAAcQYAgDgDABBnAACIMwAAcQYAgDgDABBnAACIMwAAcQYAgDgDABBnAACIMwAAxBkAgDgDAECcAQCIMwAAxBkAQDVakM1my544nR61BgEAcqRS9WVP68gZAMAcIs4AAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AABBnAADiDAAAcQYAIM4AABBnAADVaGFv356yJ25qXGsNAgDkmEpfOXIGADCHiDMAAHEGAIA4AwAQZwAAiDMAAHEGAIA4AwAQZwAAiDMAAHEGAIA4AwAQZwAAiDMAAMQZAIA4AwBAnAEAiDMAAEq20Cq4Ul24cOHPf/5zdLu+vn7RokVzZ56ZTGZ0dPTaa6+tra31TpW3/q09AHFGlTl27NjWrQ9Ft4eG3li2bNkcmefw8PB3vvNAdHvjxo3t7Y9VJBzn23va09Pb1NRknQBceZzWZEaNjY3FZRa89NJLAwMDVgsAiDNmx29/+9uce86eHbNaAECcAQCIM+a9NWvWpFKp5D0NDSusFgCI+UIAM2rRokX79v1s//79H3zw1/Dj1772b6tXr7ZaAECcMWvq6uq2bdtmPQDAhJzWBAAQZwAAiDMAgDluXn/mLL4YzlVXXVVXV5e8/9jfHX3vvfeOHj26cePGq6/+1NKlS9esWVPeWPbRDM+dO3f27Njhw4fT6XRzc/M111xzyy233Hnnl5NPXbpMJvP222+fPn06nf7jwYMHwwxTqRunspAVnOfY2NjFixdLfHDplxmY7P0KRkZG3n33N6dOnYpWb/SW3XHHHeV92+DkyRPvvPPr6M0KP65ateqGG+puv/2LixZdNfVXUSnXXfeZwltsePnLly8vb2MIa+D9998P6zOaYbS5NjSsuPXWW0vcXKMrdMU/lnKxr5xJZn6VAoiz2RdfDCfszHbv/mG0k3vttdeeeOJHyYe99NJL0Y1UKtXWtr30a+ZErfPmm2+E0Mn5p+Q94dkffHDTZSXa4OBgd/fToULyZ3i5Czkd83z++b3xSivqj39Ml/1+RSGY/3TxjytWrHjyyadKX7chSrq7u0OOJO9MrpOpv4pKiUqxsltszaWLaz37bH/OGoi2hGi2YeXff//6ouUUUmxoaKin55nox61bHy76LZD+/v748T09veIMEGfzWtjrhJ19fp3kCP8U4uDcuXObNm0qJcsKzy357IcPH96372elNESY86OPPpJfezkLefr06c9+9l9Lj8iKz3Navffee3FJJC8GlS9ExgMPfLvEdbt3796cypnjwsvv7OyoyBYbbQbJPCqwuQZdXV3r1t1X+JGtra0nThyPOi/MdunSpQUyMfz2xU8d+s9lQwFxxsd2zKlUqrn5nrAviX4MUZLcY4WHffKTnyi8Z8pvnebm5pUrVy5e/IklS5acOXNmfPzD119/PT4+EXaioSEGB4cKn/rJr6iwqOvXb7j++uujH48dOxod3ii6i53WeU63aL0l37IVK1Z89atfi5Y5vF8HD/4yTpZwI7zAV175eeF5vvrqz5NlFuIjPuM8NjZ26NCh5L+Gepj1ldDX15s8tDnFLbbAZhBtsaHwXn55IF6r7e3tf/vbh4WbL2zMTz751OrVX4l+DJk42VnRCxcuhL9k4udtb3/M/5GA+WxBT+9zZU/c1Li2ql98+GM9Ok2W3CG1tW3P/4hV2D0//fRTyV3X0NAbBU67xHOOZtjQ0FBbW1t0AXbseLzw3m7nzh8kz9+FgLjnnq/nLGrYz+3bty8npAos7XTMs6jkk5Z+QjC5usK6imopZNnmza05ny0LqTEwMJDMqQMHDnzpS3dMNufw/sYNEd6yCY+0JY/S9fT0zsqhnenbYn/84x8n398JX2D+obVS1kNymcOfKCHX8v8CSW4Phd8pgKppjKFDZU/r25ofCXuOsFcOO5v8nUfYVYedSuiA+J5XXnm5wKzCzjI8OOy6BgeHwgwnLLO/121T04sv7kse4Qj7v8nmGeIgWVFhwnXr7stf1PBc27ZtS862gOmY58yIwmvr1odfeOGn+Z/6Dy8hZG54Q+N73nnn1wXmtn///vh2aJ0Jj+6EZwlvaHwQKATrFbPFnjx5Iplc4Y2eMLnCs4TNIGRxfE8p6yHMKj7QGGLxl7/8RX69xRth+NtAmQGIs5rk3/QFPpkU9kw7d3bEP4bdSYHdUnhwiIYJ95r5u/xkQxw/fnyyRz77bH9ip/hw4e8hJkuigOmY54wJlRBaocAabmm5N779q1+9VWBWcZqkUqkCh4KSFwZ97bXXrpgttru7O7EqegtvBqF6k2d1S1kP7e2Pxeutvb19ZGQk/qewSMnjavfc83X/LwIQZ/9w1113Fw2pZcuWJQ9FHDt2rMCDSx/CIDx1fHt8fHyyYxvxB9TCfq61tXXqL3k65jljQkoW/ZD78uXL49s5Xz9MGhsbSxTPPYXf01WrVkW3X3554MrYYnM2gxCgRZ/6+9//j/j2E0/8qOjBs7CcfX0f/Rmwe/eu+AjxT37yX/H927c/UvYoMABXEl8IuDzf+MY34j3ZuXPnKjLPJUuWJHafRyc8cpM8K7d+/YaK7MOmY54zJv7we+EmCLVR9AuzySHZSpltpJTv4dZcOnH81lv/XfrrutxBVaa+xSY3g82bN5eyGdTW1jY3N8cfaAvNV/STZyETu7q62tvbo1AeGBgIbZ08odnT01vZFw4gzuaLz33uc/Hts2fHyptJNEbrmTNnohr7y1/+UnSS5Fm522//YkVey3TMc65ZtWpV0Yq66qqPhpY9ffp0ZT/pPz4+XvqQb8H996+f4S02uRncdtsXSpztXXfdHcdZiStt3br7jhw5Ek31xBM/uv766+NvaBo7A+BjcfbQlu+VPXE6PTrf1ldyjPh4tK2iMpnM8ePH//CHP7z77m8KDCdWQPKs3LJln6/Ia5mOeVajurq6+ADbiRPHCz84umZAzdwYTaMiW2xyM6ivry9xtsnDvR988NcSp+ro6Pzd734Xrer4o2bGzgCuSFPpK0fOKhM3kxkeHj5x4kThEcKSZ4hK291W/vzjPP+sz/r1G6Kvf4b3dHBwcLKjOOGf4uNwDQ0rSpnz4sWLLyvjkofxZn6LLW8ziMZwLuWRtbW13d3dLS0tyTv7+vp91AxAnM2E/IGmahJjpS5ZsuTaa6+NhtgYGRkp73AalfLNb34zHmG1u/vp8O7kDwkW3qbkwZ5SPjhfc+krruVd3/NKdf78/+X8RpR+uA5AnFFEcgiMHDmXFQp7oG99a+NkQ9Ey68L70tm5K3rLQqI1Nt69Y8fjK1eujBItZNmRI0eSQ9p2d3dX48GeAlvsVMTDZBSVDNzI0aNH+/v7i152E0CcMalM5qNv9l1zzTUTPmZsbCxZZhUfTT6TyVS8DKZjntUlGsUtTofJLrIZQiRkXBUNlPqnP/2p6BYbu3DhQol/PyR/EeLhRYpuY7t374r/XLnpppviy4IVvuwmwHxjnLPL8/7778e3b7nllgkfkxxuvlJllhytanS0Mt/DmI55Vq/h4eH4iluTHQrasePx/fsPVNdpyvPn/7fwFps8nDY6mi7jF+GGG0oaAqO/vz/+0NvOnR3t7Y/FW2BY88mRaQHmOUfOLs/rr78e304OUpAUf/w/7HsqdTzgjjuWxzu2d9/9TdkXtZzueVap+GBnfGHN0ArRWCeR6677zLJln6/Gg4tFt9iVK1fGH3l8551fl3hQMDnbm2++uejjBwcH49+Lrq6uaGMLidbY+I8RmLdsaR0cHPLNAIAaR84uy/DwcHIs9aK7sZtuuqlST50cHDW5XyxgfPzDmZ9nlXr++b3Rjc7OXdFQqKEemhLCe12N3VDKFnvnnV+Ob5cy3H/NpY+OJWebvBLDZO0bny8Of7HE12gKKzm+IFg6ne7q+k//kwEQZ5eRHZlMJnklyra27UXnWcrosmFf2NdX/IKVye8GRsM9FN0rR6Oxz/A8q1Q8TuynP/3p+bbFhhhNDvaRvJ7SZLONPzoWzbZwtobHP/30U/GPO3d2JB8fwjc+rxrehaIbIYA4m0dCdrz66s/jS/7l72AeffSREi9BGH9i6eDBg4U/SRNy5957W0oZRyPsz3bseDz+cevWh8K0kz047OGS30iYyXlWu+SpzPmzxT744KZkp+7du7dAaZU+28jAwEC8hff09OafPe/o6Ix/ZXz4DECc5e7tmpoaQ4XknNkJyfLd7/57MqEKj6Swfv2G+PaWLa0TFk+48+GHt4bcicbWKmUwgg0bNiQfFqbNX9STJ0/s3PmDnNEKZnie1Sj5yfT8NXDFb7F1dXXx6cWaSyc3w8aZH0n5sy06fmyYJP7ea3Nz84QfwYxGpk3+ykxWnADzhC8E1MR7jrDXCakUVUj0Vf+axAmvWFdXV+FPmyVHNA3/DcUTAmjVqlUNDSvOnTt39uxYcp7hiXbu7HjllZeLXgIy7AX37fvZ6tVfie+JFjUseTREwuHDh+OZhDvvuuvuokU1HfOsRm1tbfGw9YVfYHwGMLybE45VO2PCkoQNqSJbbM2l04th44xD6uAl0XYb3ZM/2xdf3Ff45Ydk7OzsiG6HWXV0dE72yLB48WXRwyt69NFHnnmmx/+UAHE2323Z8lCyPI5ekv+wsEMqOpJCbW1tKJ4HHvh2nDXpS3J2b2F31da2fc2aNaGQrr76U6UsZF1d3fDw/yTnHO1Hcx62devDra2tJb7w6Zhn1QlxEN7ZUBJFEzl+E6MbIYlC2M38sGchlHfv/mEIxIpssZFNmzbdfPPNyZUQbbf5j4z+oigaprt2dcaTd3buKjyC2rp19506dSpaq2HzW7lyZbjH/5eA+clpzY8dPDh+/ETyY1hJ4f7wryXu50LxDA4OTTarkGVdXV379x8IzxidFUp+cbLEOU94JjTsNYeG3ti2bduiS2ZxnlVnfHy8jKlCD7W0tMz8x6Si45oV3GIj4cFhS+jp6Z3sPHvYGMK/vvDCT4uW2d69e+PED2VfymK0tz8WP297e3uBT0ACXNkWZLPZsidOp6t75NLBwcH4wMOBAwfi4x+ZTOb48ePx3noqY1yFWY2M/D55PcFKnQvLn/Ott94aDQMxp+ZZFUJJRGf0mpubt29/JNy4ePFiJnMx50KQ/8y4D48cOZI8uBimmt3TcDlvXEVGZcsZ6W3x4sU33njjfNgYACoilSr/wsHi7B9xVvGLLFF1m0ForCeffKrEpsm5fOqpU783gCoAFYkzpzWZ1y5cuBAHekdHZ+mBtXr16o9f+GjUygSgIsQZ89qxY8eiGytWrCjxmt+x5HXE6+vrrUwAxBlUzPnz5y/r8ZlM5vDhw3HYOacJgDiDSkqn0ydPnii9zPr7++NxIjZvbrUCAaiUhb19e8qeuKlxrTVIVWtoaIhvt7W1dXd3Fx20bGRkpK+vN/625o4dj1/WcBUAzAdT6SuD0DKv1dbW9vT0Rt8JSKfTLS0t0YUQckY8yWQyo6OjZ86cefPNN5KDaIQy27Bhg9UIQAWJM+a7pqam8fEPo2sH1fzzykVFp4ou8GD4FQDEWSUtXrw4vlRiuG1rmLfWrbvvttu+MDQ01NPzTNEHNzc3t7Tcu3z5cl8CAGA6LOjpfa7siX3mjCtMPNR+dIn6+P6rr/7U0qVLr7vuM/X1qcsdcQOAeWhw6FDZ0zqtCR9ZtGjRzF/FHACSDKUBACDOAAAQZwAA4gwAAHEGACDOAAAQZwAA4gwAAHEGACDOAAAQZwAA4gwAAHEGAIA4AwAQZwAAiDMAAHEGAIA4AwAQZwAAiDMAAHEGAIA4AwAQZwAAiDMAAHEGAIA4AwBAnAEAiDMAAMQZAIA4AwBAnAEAiDMAAMQZAIA4AwCg8hZks9myJ06nR61BAIAcqVR92dM6cgYAMIeIMwAAcQYAgDgDABBnAACIMwAAcQYAgDgDABBnAACIMwAAcQYAgDgDABBnAACIMwAAxBkAgDgDAECcAQCIMwAAxBkAQDVa2Nu3p+yJmxrXWoMAADmm0leOnAEAzCHiDABAnAEAIM4AAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AAMQZAADiDAAAcQYAIM4AABBnAADiDAAAcQYAIM4AABBnAADiDAAAcQYAIM4AABBnAADiDAAAcQYAgDgDABBnAACIMwAAcQYAgDgDABBnAACIMwAAcQYAgDgDABBnAACIMwAAcQYAwOxZkM1my544nR61BgEAcqRS9WVP68gZAMAcIs4AAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AABBnAADiDAAAcQYAIM4AABBnAADVaGFv356yJ25qXGsNAgDkmEpfOXIGADCHiDMAAHEGAIA4AwAQZwAAiDMAAHEGAIA4AwAQZwAAiDMAAHEGAIA4AwAQZwAAiDMAAMQZAIA4AwBAnAEAiDMAAMQZAIA4AwBAnAEAiDMAAMQZAIA4AwBAnAEAiDMAAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AAMQZAACzZ0E2my174nR61BoEAMiRStWXPa0jZwAAc4g4AwAQZwAAiDMAAHEGAIA4AwAQZwAAiDMAAHEGAIA4AwAQZwAAiDMAAHEGAIA4AwBAnAEAiDMAAMQZAIA4AwBAnAEAVKOFvX17yp64qXGtNQgAkGMqfeXIGQDAHCLOAADEGQAA4gwAQJwBACDOAADEGQAA4gwAQJwBACDOAADEGQAA4gwAQJwBACDOAAAQZwAA4gwAAHEGACDOAAAQZwAA4gwAAHEGACDOAAAQZwAA4gwAAHEGACDOAAAQZwAAiDMAAHEGAIA4AwAQZwAAiDMAAHEGAIA4AwAQZwAAiDMAAHEGAIA4AwAQZwAAzJ4F2Wy27InT6VFrEAAgRypVX/a0jpwBAMwh4gwAQJwBACDOAADEGQAA4gwAQJwBACDOAADEGQAA4gwAQJwBACDOAADEGQAA4gwAAHEGACDOAAAQZwAA4gwAAHEGAFCNFvb27Sl74qbGtdYgAECOqfSVI2cAAHOIOAMAEGcAAIgzAABxBgCAOAMAEGcAAIgzAABxBgCAOAMAEGcAAIgzAABxBgCAOAMAQJwBAIgzAADEGQCAOAMAQJwBAIgzAADEGQCAOAMAQJwBAIgzAADEGQCAOAMAQJwBACDOAADEGQAA4gwAQJwBACDOAADEGQAA4gwAQJwBACDOAADEGQAA4gwAQJwBADB7FmSz2bInTqdHrUEAgBypVH3Z0zpyBgAwh4gzAABxBgCAOAMAEGcAAIgzAABxBgCAOAMAEGcAAIgzAABxBgCAOAMAEGcAAIgzAADEGQCAOAMAQJwBAIgzAADEGQBANVrY27en7ImbGtdagwAAOabSV46cAQDMIeIMAECcAQAgzgAAxBkAAOIMAECcAQAgzgAAxBkAAOIMAECcAQAgzgAAxBkAAOIMAABxBgAgzgAAEGcAAOIMAABxBgAgzgAAEGcAAOIMAABxBgAgzgAAEGcAAOIMAABxBgCAOAMAEGcAAIgzAABxBgCAOAMAEGcAAIgzAABxBgCAOAMAEGcAAIgzAABxBgDA7FmQzWbLnjidHrUGAQBypFL1ZU/ryBkAwBwizgAAxBkAAOIMAECcAQAgzgAAxBkAAOIMAECcAQAgzgAAxBkAAOIMAECcAQAgzgAAEGcAAOIMAABxBgAgzgAAEGcAANVoYW/fnrInbmpcaw0CAOSYSl85cgYAMIeIMwAAcQYAgDgDABBnAACIMwAAcQYAgDgDABBnAACIMwAAcQYAgDgDABBnAACIMwAAxBkAgDgDAECcAQCIMwAAxBkAgDgDAECcAQCIMwAAxBkAgDgDAECcAQCIMwAAxBkAAOIMAECcAQAgzgAAxBkAAOIMAECcAQAgzgAAxBkAAOIMAECcAQAgzgAAxBkAALNnQTabLXvidHrUGgQAyJFK1Zc9rSNnAABziDgDABBnAACIMwAAcQYAgDgDABBnAACIMwAAcQYAgDgDABBnAACIMwAAcQYAgDgDAECcAQCIMwAAxBkAgDgDAECcAQBUo4W9fXvKnripca01CACQYyp95cgZAMAcIs4AAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AABBnAADiDAAAcQYAIM4AABBnAADVaOFUJh4cOlT2tA9t+V7Z0/b27ZmVlWWZLbNltsyW2TJbZss83Rw5AwCYQ8QZAIA4AwBAnAEAiDMAAMQZAIA4AwBAnAEAiDMAAMQZAIA4AwBAnAEAiDMAAMQZAADiDABAnAEAIM4AAMQZAADiDACgGv2/AAMAwJZTS9ETJt0AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Figure 5: The `padding-box` value extends the background into the padding of a element, but the background is contained within any border



![content-box.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Figure 6: The `content-box` value contains the background within the border and padding of an element

We first discussed these keyword values when we covered the `box-sizing`
property. The values themselves haven't changed in meaning, but
their functions do change with the use of the different background
properties.

## Summary

Adding backgrounds and gradients to our pages allows us to bring color
to the forefront of our designs. These features also help to define how
content is grouped and to improve the layout of our pages as a whole.

To review, this lesson covered the following:

* How to add background colors and images to elements
* CSS gradients, both linear and radial, and how to customize them
* How to apply multiple background images to a single element
* New CSS3 properties that allow us to change the size, surface area,
  and origin of background images

Adding background colors, gradients, and images brings forth quite a few
possibilities to enhance the overall design of our websites. Soon we'll
discuss how to semantically add images (aside from background images)
and other media to our pages. But before that, let's take a look at how
to semantically create lists.

- [Setting Backgrounds \& Gradients](#setting-backgrounds--gradients)
  - [Setting Backgrounds \& Gradients](#setting-backgrounds--gradients-1)
  - [Adding a Background Color](#adding-a-background-color)
  - [Adding a Background Image](#adding-a-background-image)
    - [Background Repeat](#background-repeat)
    - [Background Position](#background-position)
    - [Shorthand Background Image Values](#shorthand-background-image-values)
    - [Background Image Example](#background-image-example)
    - [In Practice](#in-practice)
  - [Designing Gradient Backgrounds](#designing-gradient-backgrounds)
    - [Linear Gradient Background](#linear-gradient-background)
    - [Changing the Direction of a Gradient Background](#changing-the-direction-of-a-gradient-background)
    - [Radial Gradient Background](#radial-gradient-background)
    - [Gradient Color Stops](#gradient-color-stops)
      - [Gradient Background Example](#gradient-background-example)
    - [In Practice](#in-practice-1)
  - [Using Multiple Background Images](#using-multiple-background-images)
    - [Multiple Background Images Example](#multiple-background-images-example)
  - [Exploring New Background Properties](#exploring-new-background-properties)
    - [CSS3 Background Size](#css3-background-size)
    - [Cover \& Contain Keyword Values](#cover--contain-keyword-values)
    - [CSS3 Background Clip \& Background Origin](#css3-background-clip--background-origin)
  - [Summary](#summary)

Authors: Vlatko Spasev & Dimitar Kitanovski & Ema Pandilova

Created: 2025-03-10


[Emacs](http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/) 24.4.1 ([Org](http://orgmode.org) mode 8.2.10)